"Violence is the last refuge of the incompetent." -Salvor Hardin
"It's the job that's never started as takes longest to finish." -Samwise Gamgee
"Despair is only for those who see the end beyond all doubt. We do not." -Gandalf
"All's well that ends better." -Gaffer
"All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given to us." -Gandalf
"Yet the deeds will not be less valiant because they are unpraised." -Aragorn
"Not all those who wander are lost." -Bilbo Baggins
"But in the end it's only a passing thing, this shadow; even darkness must pass." -Sam Gamgee
"It is useless to meet revenge with revenge: it will heal nothing." -Frodo
"Many that live deserve death. And some that die deserve life. Can you give it to them? Then do not be eager to deal out death in judgement. For even the very wise cannot see all ends." -Gandalf
"Faithless is he that says farewell when the road darkens." -Gimli
"A fool tries to look different: a clever man looks the same and is different." -Peter Pienaar/Richard Hannay
"If you are playing a part, you will never keep it up unless you convince yourself that you are it." - Peter Pienaar/Richard Hannay
"It's a dangerous business, walking out one's front door." -Gandalf
"They may suffer me to pass ... but at the least I will adventure it. No other road will serve." -Aragorn
"I don't know half of you as well as I should like ... and I like less than half of you half as well as you deserve." -Bilbo
"It was a compliment .. and so, of course, not true." -Merry
"Seldom give unguarded advice, for advice is a dangerous gift, even from the wise to the wise, and all courses may run ill" -Gildor
"Short cuts make long delays." -Pippin
"This quest may be attempted by the weak with as much hope as the strong. Yet such is oft the course of deeds that move the wheels of the world: small hands do them because they must, while the eyes of the great are elsewhere." -Elrond
"The praise of the praiseworthy is above all rewards." -Faramir
"If more of us valued food and cheer and song above hoarded gold, it would be a merrier world." -Thorin Oakenshield
"You certainly usually find something, if you look, but it is not always quite the something you were after." -Thorin Oakenshield
"And he that breaks a thing to find out what it is has left the path of wisdom." -Gandalf
"A hunted man sometimes wearies of distrust and longs for friendship." -Aragorn
"Sometimes you go through things that seem huge at the time, like a mysterious Glowing Cloud devouring your entire community.  While they are happening, they feel like the only thing that matters, and you can hardly imagine that there’s a world out there that might have anything else going on. And then the GlowCloud moves on, and you move on, and the event is behind you. And you may find, as time passes, that you remember it less and less. Or absolutely not at all, in my case. And you are left with nothing but a powerful wonder at the fleeting nature of even the most important moments in life, and the faint but pretty smell of vanilla." - Welcome to Night Vale, Ep. 2, Glow Cloud
"... here is a list of things: Emotions you don’t understand upon viewing a sunset. Lost pets, found. Lost pets, unfound. A secret lost pet city on the moon. Trees that see. Restaurants that hear. A void that thinks. A face, half-seen, just before falling asleep. Trembling hands reaching for desperately needed items. Sandwiches. Silence when there should be noise. Noise when there should be silence. Nothing, when you want something. Something, when you thought there was nothing. Clear plastic binder sheets. Scented dryer sheets. Rain coming down in sheets. Night. Rest. Sleep. End." - Welcome to Night Vale, Ep. 2, Glow Cloud
"There's a special place in Hell. It's really hip. Very Exclusive." - Welcome to Night Vale, Ep. 3, Station Management
"'Treeeeeees. Treeeees. They are us.’” - Welcome to Night Vale, Ep. 6, The Drawbridge
"A million dollars isn’t cool. You know what’s cool? A basilisk." - Welcome to Night Vale, Ep. 6, The Drawbridge
"The cost of a thing is the amount of what I will call life which is required to be exchanged for it, immediately or in the long run." - Thoreau
